docs: ipns ttl tips (#2002)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/concepts/ipns.md

- **Rainbow**: Adjust this with the [`RAINBOW_IPNS_MAX_CACHE_TTL`](https://github.com/ipfs/rainbow/blob/main/docs/environment-variables.md#rainbow_ipns_max_cache_ttl) environment variable.

#### Practical considerations

The most important thing to consider with IPNS names is **how frequently you intend on updating the name** and **how long a valid record should be cached before checking for an update**.

Practically, levers within your control determine where your IPNS name is on the spectrum between consistency and availability:

- **IPNS record validity:** longer validity will veer towards availability. Moreover, longer validity will reduce the dependence on the key holder (which for most purposes is stored on a single machine and rare shared) since the record can continue to persist without requiring the private key holder to sign a new record. Another benefit of a longer validity is that the transport can be delegated to other nodes or services (such as [w3name](https://docs.storacha.network/how-to/w3name/)), without compromising the private key.

> - **IPNS record TTL:** longer TTL wil trade update propagation speed for better page load performance and resiliency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **IPNS record TTL:** longer TTL trades update propagation speed for better page load performance and resiliency.
```
